Add WIF documentation for GCP Auth and Secrets engines (#27170)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/gcp.mdx

## Write config

> This endpoint configures shared information for the secrets engine. Credentials
> can be configured either with Application Credentials for a privileged service account,
> or using Plugin Workload Identity Federation (WIF).

Reviewer: Style suggestion: use active voice
```suggestion
This endpoint configures shared information for the secrets engine. You can configure
credentials either with Application Credentials for a privileged service account,
or using Plugin Workload Identity Federation (WIF).
```

> This endpoint configures shared information for the secrets engine. Credentials
> can be configured either with Application Credentials for a privileged service account,
> or using Plugin Workload Identity Federation (WIF).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the WriteConfig endpoint to configure and share information for the
secrets engine. You can configure credentials for a privileged service account
with application credentials or using plugin workload identity federation (WIF)
for a standard service account.
```

### IAM

> There are multiple ways to pass root credentials to the Vault server, specified
> below with the highest precedence first. If credentials already exist, this will
> overwrite them.
> 
> The official Google Cloud SDK is used for sourcing credentials from env vars and shared
> files.
> 
> - Static credentials provided to the API as a payload
> 
> - [Plugin workload identity federation](/vault/docs/secrets/gcp#plugin-workload-identity-federation-wif)
> credentials
> 
> - [Application Default Credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/application-default-credentials)
> in the environment **on the server**
> 
> - Shared credentials files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vault uses the official Google Cloud SDK to source credentials from environment
variables and shared files.

From highest precedence to lowest, you can pass root credentials to the Vault
server in the following ways:

1. Provide static credentials to the API as a payload.

1. Use [plugin workload identity federation](/vault/docs/auth/gcp#plugin-workload-identity-federation-wif)
   credentials.

1. Set [application default credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/application-default-credentials)
   as environment variables on the Vault server.

1. Define credentials in shared credential files.
	 
<Warning title="Destructive action">
	
  Passing Vault new root credential overwrites any preexisting root credentials.

</Warning>
```

Updated to match style suggestions above
